---
layout: default
---
# ARCANE CRYPTO WATCH
## Nov. 17th, 2018
Let’s dive back into #Bitcoin’s #natal #chart and see if we can’t understand the #drama of #forking chains and #BCH price fallout. We should focus this time on #Moon square #Mars (#Aries/#Capricorn) and Moon square #Pluto (also Aries/Cap). The #square  articulates irreconcilable differences within the temperaments of a  chart. In the case of Moon square Mars, we are looking at a murmuration  of starlings, merging and breaking apart, jerked and #triggered  by the discrete impulses of individual birds. The murmuration  overwhelms the senses, could bring a stop to the violence of human  business, but unchecked fluctuation is its natural mode. Moon square  Pluto is the murmuration that turns to face itself as it heads unabated  toward windmills. Moon square Pluto is a charge to sense collective  demise as the individual’s demise and to feel the powerlessness of fear  on behalf of that which is more than your #self. Your #life  could be gone in a flash, but the smallest part of you will survive to  flutter down a dark road while windmills everywhere collect their #price in #feathers. But we remember that Bitcoin’s #Jovian #dark #side is ours for the taking, that its #Uranian roots are spread in #retrograde. Sometimes we must subjectively embody failure and grotesquery in order to find new paths. #Pathfinding is not an unproductive vocation. It ain’t over for Bitcoin. She still must find her way.

* * *
[Back to Index](acw.html)
* * *
