---
layout: default
---
# ARCANE CRYPTO WATCH
## Nov. 3rd, 2018
So, #bitcoin’s #genesis #block was resolved on January 3rd, 2009. She’s a #Capricorn. Could you have guessed? She's a Capricorn with #Saturn opposed #Uranus. Bitcoin's Uranian energy is rooted in the constellation #Pisces. She is the #dream of #revolution, the collective #mycelium #uprising. Yet the #Crypto heads have much to learn from soft-footed mushroom hunters. Lend your faith to #decentralized  networks. Endure the sometimes wonderful, sometimes troubling attitudes  of your shadowy cohort. Lend your body and mind to a higher order of  communication technology. But there is ambivalence here. Saturn in #Virgo  is a hyper-orthodox tendency in Bitcoin’s chart and it rests in  near-perfect opposition to Uranus. We know that Bitcoin wants to be more  than currency, but she's currency nonetheless. Present and future  cooperation between #blockchains and #banks will usher in new #hybrid coins that will favour the traditions of #normative, #capitalistic  opportunities that have been worked to death by nation states and  monarchy. We should ask ourselves: Will Saturn’s long transit through  Bitcoin’s #Sun sign ease or embolden a lean toward #hierarchy and #austerity? What will happen after November 6 when Uranus returns to #Aries by way of #retrograde? I will continue to pick apart this and other interesting qualities of the genesis block’s #natal  chart in future posts. Meanwhile, write down your ideas. Put them on an  x/y axis that tracks supremacy and chaos, utopia and enlightenment.  With acknowledgement given to the astral bodies, we, ourselves, must  decide how we want these technologies to be utilized. The chart says it  can go either way and a mix of both is more than likely. More to come.

* * *
[Back to Index](acw.html)
* * *
